Add JavaSystemProperties for EO (#2605)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.18.0

> * Add possibility to set Java System Properties for UO and TO via CR yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add possibility to set Java System Properties for User Operator and Topic Operator via `Kafka` CR.
```
